and i'm derek hyde thanks for joining us
for the center county report hidden
throughout beaver stadium are hundreds
of these tiny little sensors that send
out data to base stations like these
which could mean even more people inside
of your local pharmacy as soon as
thanksgiving with this victory central
will go on to the state quarterfinals to
play either grove city or slippery rock
now just over my shoulder you can see
the program for the center film festival
now the only things you can hear are the
generators that are running the
buildings behind me because the brand
new facility is set to open in november
penn state is now on its third head
coach in three years but their goals
still remain the same they just keep
winning and to finally make that ncaa
tournament police are still searching
for an armed robber who caused a serious
scare on halloween and state college
you've probably seen this logo or this
logo on the video board at penn state
football games they represent the roar
tracker a project by kcf technology ceo
jeremy frank to track the roar of the
crowd kcf normally
works with manufacturing plants to
monitor machinery and recently paired
with penn state athletics to better
track and understand the noise and
vibrations of the stadium on game day
hidden throughout beaver stadium are
hundreds of these tiny little sensors
that send out data to base stations like
these to track the fan experience at
every single penn state home football
game that data's compiled online into
charts like this one from the white out
showing every high and load the fan
experience like touchdowns and songs
when the band vice
president of advanced solutions dave
craig found the opponents make a
difference too kcf hopes to use this
information to further increase penn
state's home field advantage by getting
fans even more involved in future games
in state college i'm derek hide for the
center county report despite the
spotlight on increasing covet 19
vaccination numbers and mandates many
people are now eligible to receive
booster vaccines to build upon their
immunity a decision that state college
resident barbara nelson said was an easy
one to make the commonwealth is currently allowing a
third vaccine to be distributed to
people who are six months past their
second vaccination dose and are 65 or
older have underlying health conditions
or work or live in high risk settings
but those restrictions are expected to
expand on tuesday pfizer requested from
the u.s food and drug administration
that a booster shot be approved for all
people over the age of 18 which could
mean even more people inside of your
local pharmacy as soon as thanksgiving
booking boosters shots is already
getting busy at the bullsburg apothecary
pharmacist neil foster is giving out
more booster shots than anything else
despite those limited time slots foster
says the need for more protection is
the cdc agrees and found that public
health experts are starting to see
reduced protection against mild and
moderate cases of the virus in bolsberg
i'm derek hyde for the center county
report